This hotel was excellent and exceeded all my expectations . The restaurant had delicious food , the service was incredible , rooms were to a very high standard and clean . I am very pleased to stay here and grateful for the staff , they have been helpful , kind and professional . I highly recommend this hotel .
Feels new and clean with perfect location nearby the beach 🏖
close to the airports
location is good you can take bus 425 from the airport to somewhere close enough to the hotel . stuff were super nice ! room is spacious and clean , bed is comfy too .
La Veranda was very clean , provided everything needed ( even a bottle of water in the room ! ) , and was flexible with our schedule . The staff was excellent . There are a series of delicious and fun restaurants on the beach quite close to the hotel , which the staff of the hotel kindly told us about .
Practical rooms , balconies in each room . good location for the airport . Listening staff .
I liked the hotel already when approaching it from the street . The feeling of the new did not leave all the time . Starting from the street terrace , the hall and up to the room itself - clean , comfortable , with a soft bed . As it turned out later , the hotel is already about 8 years old , but they are doing well 👍 Always friendly staff ( it looks like a family business , but I will not say ) . Every day cleaning . At any time , you can go down to the veranda at the tables and just drink their wonderful cappuccino on soft sofas , and then sleep the rest of the night on soft beds . We did not use the pool , the sea is better , because there is a good Mackenzie beach . And he did not have to swim .
The staff is very friendly
Amazing team , thinks of all the details and happy to help . Our flight was delayed and they took care of us both for late check - in and for an electrical adapter
The location close to the airport , while being quiet Check - in at 4am An exceptional welcome in French The room is clean , large enough and recent The outdoor balcony is a plus The proximity to the beach and the city is a significant asset There is a bus stop near the hotel which allows you to go to the city center and to the airport . I recommend 100 %
Close to the beach . Own . Pleasant breakfast . Quality Eco Hotel .
A wonderful place run by wonderful people !
Clean , daily change of towels , pleasant and helpful staff , value for money
Proximity to the airport and excellent cuisine
There is nothing we didn ' t like
We stayed 9 nights at this beautiful little hotel and it was extraordinary . Close to the airport and also a 5 min walk from Makenzie blue flag beach . The room was super clean , everything new and cosy , the bathroom with a spacious cabin shower . The bed and pillows were very comfy . The staff was super super friendly and made everything possible for our stay to be perfect . Rich breakfast with various local food . Also we ate dinner a couple of times at the terrace and everything was very tasty . We have absolutely nothing to complain , it was a dreamy vacation and for sure we will come back . Thank you for a perfect stay ! ! !
Great hotel , lovely staff , ready to help at any hour
Bed frame structure dangerous , sharp corners .
More restaurants .
Welcoming owners and great location . Good value . The beach is less than 5 minutes away .
The hotel is clean , comfortable and a good location . Very close to Salt Lake and Mackenzie Beach . Very close to bus stop . Very close to the airport , the bus only costs 1 . 5 euros to and from the airport . From the hotel you can just walk along the entire promenade of Larnaca , you won ’ t miss anything . A calm step along the sea to the Church of St . Lazarus 30 - 40 minutes . The room was wonderful . White bed . Breakfast can be bought directly at the hotel for only 8 euros . I rented a car , there is a place to park . The shower is wonderful , the air conditioner works , we were in January , it was very warm and sunny . Everything is great . The owner of the hotel was very friendly , allowed to leave things , even after we checked out , I highly recommend ,
it is recently renovated building therefore the rooms were nice and clean . Mackenzie Beach promenade is 5 min walk .
Room was excellent , very clean and everything seems fairly new . Staff was very helpful . Location is also very good if you have a morning flight , airport is a 7 min drive away .
very clean room , comfy beds , very nice showers . all freshly renovated .
We stayed literally for a few hours , the welcome was pleasant and they helped us order a taxi to the airport !
Everything was very good . Staff very polite and helpful . Rooms are clean . Breakfast was delicious . Hotel is near to the beach , airport and bus station .
a comfortable place . Quiet friendly staff . Quiet and spacious .
Helpful staff and close to airport
clean spacious practical
Excellent attention . Very comfortable bed . Very good shower . The furniture and bathroom are all new and impeccable . Very good WiFi connection . Bars and restaurants nearby .
There is nothing negative to say about the property . It was a wonderful stay n
We arrived in the middle of the night and were able to get into the room via self - check - in without any problems . Good location close to the airport - easily accessible by taxi , there is also a bus route nearby .
Great location as I arrived very late and just wanted to sleep . You are there now . Quiet location , very friendly and helpful staff / owners .
Excellent range of food offered and good service .
Cleanliness / Towels : 10 / 10 Design / Furniture : 10 / 10 Staff : 10 / 10
Room fresh , clean and modern . Same as shown in photos . Calm area , close to the beach , many restaurants and coffee shops there . Bus station very close . Breakfast above expectations .
I loved the staff , they always greeted us with a smile , they were really nice , they always responded to the help we needed , they called us a taxi , they didn ' t charge me again because I lost my room ticket , a stunning hotel , an aesthetic and clean place with innovative and interesting service that you can really request at the push of a button that you won ' t be able to hear the bell , I have never come across this in my life amazing thank you so much to this hotel .
The rooms and and the staff
Chose this hotel because of it ’ s proximity to airport . One nights stay straight from the flight before travelling onwards next morning to other areas . Easy to find ( car hire ) using Google maps . Friendly welcoming staff , easy check - in . The hotel itself is spotlessly clean , COVID prevention measures taken . Never ate there , cold beers available ( & needed ) from bar downstairs or mini - bar in room . Very quiet neighbourhood - not sure what ’ s nearby etc as up & away early next morning . Would certainly recommend for this type of trip & will probably use again next time .
We only stayed over night before heading to the airport . The room was exceptionally clean with a really comfortable bed
Minor point : a bar for hanging clothes in the room was the only thing we felt was missing to improve our stay .
The " street side " rooms are noisier than those facing the back .
It was cold for a swim : )
Nothing . It was perfect
We lived for a week 1 . Bed linen was never changed ( cleaning and change of towels daily ) ; 2 . the number is microscopic . Rented Nissan Micra and then more ; 3 . the refrigerator is full of minibar for money , I had to pull everything out so that my products would fit ; 4 . the hotel did not allow to turn over a couple of hours before the delayed plane ; 5 . walk to the promenade of Larnaca for about 20 minutes , to Lidl for an hour and a half . The hotel is really for one night .
There was nothing close by for a mini Mart . The restaurant was decent .
I can ' t even remember .
not enough pillows
Good hotel next to Mackenzie beach and especially the airport . It is 5 minutes by car
Everything was excellent
very close to the airport after a late flight , lovely friendly staff who checked us in quickly and beautiful , spotless room . really comfortable nights sleep in an air conditioned room after a great shower . beautiful fresh breakfast which was very reasonably priced . also stored luggage and called a taxi for us .
breakfasts . This is probably the weakest link in the hotel .
Small beautiful clean room . They accommodated us with an earlier check - in and earlier check - out . There is no problem with a later check - in either . We had a small lunch here and it was delicious . Staff very nice . A short distance from the beach , we also found starfish . The hotel arranged a transfer to the airport for us .
The warm welcome in French , the comfort of the beds , the cleanliness .
We didn ' t eat
Very nice room . There was a kettle and a microwave , a spacious bath , a view of the beautiful houses . We were seated in the middle of the night . Delicious breakfast for a fee . On request , there is a transfer from the airport and to the airport
Excellent all round would come again
Proximity to the airport , small but modern rooms , good bed , very good bathroom .
Quiet place , good rooms
Hotel near airport about 10 minutes drive away
Maybe the reception needs improvement . It is very old furniture
Everything was great !
hospitality , location , quiet
The frozen water in the bath
Not too close to the beach Perfect for pre or post airport stays
Everything was wonderful ! ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆
Of the minuses : sometimes a car came to pick up garbage cans at night . More precisely , the car poured them into its depths , not worrying about the noise and sleeping expensive tourists . Also mirrors in the room . There are plenty of them and they all distorted the image . rather made you fatter ) ) Everything else is a plus !
Outside was a but noisy later in the evening , but that ' s not within the hotels control
That there is no kiosk open 24 hours close to the hotel .
Small , modern hotel with very friendly and helpful hosts . 30 minute walk from Larnaca center and 10 minute walk from beautiful Mackenzie Beach ! I ' d love to come back !
clean , quiet , well organized
Not as close to the airport as advertised .
On the 4th floor with all the windows and balcony doors locked we could still hear some outside noise .
Excellent location , 7 minutes walk from the boardwalk and the airport The hotel staff is simply charming and kind ! The hotel was recently renovated , rooms are in new and clean condition In addition , there is smart technology , there are electronic buttons to request cleaning for the room , a bell and remote control of the air conditioner if there is a problem . They upgraded our room for free . The hotel put us in touch with a taxi driver who took us to visit the mall and charged us decent prices .
Super clean place , excellent staff and service And on top of everything is the food , the food is SUPER EXCELLENT 🙏
Very good . Staff very friendly and very helpful . Very comfortable nights sleep
we stayed in this hotel one night prior to our departure from Cyprus - close proximity to Larnaca airport . close to Mckenzie beach with lots of restaurants for dinner , hotel allowed us to check out later prior to our flight . breakfasts were nice . very clean .
Bed 5 could be opened and was less comfortable . Toilet and shower are together and less convenient .
Very clean , nice bed and linen . Good value . Allowed to take dog was the reason for booking .
The location was perfect for the airport as we were flying out to uk . The entrance to the hotel is welcoming and the bar and coffee shop chic . The gentleman in reception was very friendly and had a lovely smile . The place was spotless and very comfortable . I would definitely recommend it and will be staying here again . The fish and steak restaurant around the corner was also great value and friendly .
Recently updated , everything was me and clean . Restaurant was a surprise hit : good food , very reasonably priced , so an easy choice to eat at the hotel when we wouldn ' t usually . The beach is about 5 minutes walk away .
It ' s my second time at La Veranda and I can honestly say that this is one of the best hotels in the region , if not the best . Would definitely recommend it !
Swimming pool , small and dirty
Very clean , modern rooms , comfortable bed and good shower . Very helpful staff . Exceptional value for money and very close to beach .
The staff were exceptionally attentive to ensuring that our stay was pleasent . Hospitality was great , highly recommend the hotel 😊
Shower water often overflowed into the bathroom . Drain is not working well .
The place is close to the airport and easy to get to . We arrived late and the directions were clear and easy . The place is clean and everything was exactly as expected A short distance from the promenade where you can find nice restaurants on the beach
difficulties with the different sockets as they provided devices without adapters .
Everything was very clean and modern and staff was very friendly . I arrived late at night and it was not a problem , They also were very responsive to any pre - arrival questions
very clean and modern
Perfect welcome at 1 : 30 in the morning ! Excellent value . Close to the airport .
There was a constant stench coming from outside , lack of storage spaces
Very good breakfast , great location near MacKenzie beach . Staff very polite and helpful almost family atmosphere .
Excellent location , perfect cleanliness , excellent breakfasts for only 8 € , super service
Except excellent staff / owners and an ok restaurant , there is not much extra in this hotel or in the room . 
 Tips for improvement : 
 - The out - of - order pool table hidden away in the backyard should be brought back to life . 
 - The backyard itself could actually have been used so much better . 
 - The small fridge in the room was warm ( turned off ) upon arrival and completely empty , and no local shop / kiosk nearby to fill it up . One small bottle of water upon arrival to double room feels a little poor . Would gladly have paid those 2 € more per day to have 2 bottles initially and being refilled daily with room service . A couple of cents more , to have even tea on the small welcome tray ; - ) 
 - Bathroom floor gets completely wet when ( carefully ) showering , as only half a glass wall covers the shower . 
 - Bed frame has very sharp / hard corners , and it ' s easy to get hurt . Apply baby safety corners ? 
 - Veranda door and main door doesn ' t close entirely tight so main door slams in the night when it ' s windy . However fixable in MacGyver way using the bed cover and a tea spoon , although a professional seal attached to the door frame would probably be a better fix long - term ; - ) 
 - Beach towel services would also have been nice and useful , to avoid using lots of space / weight in baggage . 
 All in all , this hotel is great but still has room for improvement in many little details which could easily be fixed . Still getting our high rating as the staff is simply the best and made our stay a true pleasure , thus above comments should not scare anyone from booking this hotel . We highly recommend it and would definitely love to return !
Amazing place !
Bright , cozy , looks like almost new hotel in silent part of town . Very helpful staff . 15 minutes drive from the airport , 15 walk to the city center , about 300 meters to the nice beach .
The restaurant service is very good , varied and with good prices , the workers are very pleasant and attentive .
The hotel is close to Larnaca Airport and the beach . For the best .
A very welcoming staff , smiling and always available to satisfy you . At the reception as in the restaurant there is always someone to take care of you in one of the four languages ​ ​ ( Greek , English , French or Arabic ) . The proximity to the famous Mackenzie Beach is an asset for this charming hotel . The beach is around 5 minutes walk . . .
